# Initial navigation properties
#
# Format is TYPE.PAGE.OUTCOME = NEXT PAGE / ACTION / SCRIPT / URL
#
# New style actions
default.link_edit_form.failure = link_edit_form
default.link_edit_form.success = script:link_edit
default.link_edit.failure = link_edit_form
default.link_edit.success = action:view
default.document_edit.success = action:view
default.document_edit.failure = action:edit
default.document_edit_form.success = script:document_edit
default.document_edit_form.failure = document_edit_form
default.newsitem_edit.success = action:view
default.newsitem_edit.failure = action:edit
default.newsitem_edit_form.success = script:newsitem_edit
default.newsitem_edit_form.failure = newsitem_edit_form
default.image_edit.success = action:view
default.image_edit.failure = action:edit
default.image_edit_form.success = script:image_edit
default.image_edit_form.failure = image_edit_form
default.file_edit.success = action:view
default.file_edit.failure = action:edit
default.file_edit_form.success = script:file_edit
default.file_edit_form.failure = file_edit_form
default.event_edit.success = action:view
default.event_edit.failure = action:edit
default.event_edit_form.success = script:event_edit
default.event_edit_form.failure = event_edit_form
default.folder_edit.success = folder_contents
default.folder_edit.failure = action:edit
folder.folder_edit_form.success = script:folder_edit
folder.folder_edit_form.failure = folder_edit_form
default.reconfig.success = folder_contents
default.reconfig.failure = reconfig_form
default.reconfig_form.success = script:reconfig
default.reconfig_form.failure = reconfig_form
default.personalize.success = folder_contents
default.personalize.failure = personalize_form
default.personalize_form.success = script:personalize
default.personalize_form.failure = personalize_form
topic.topic_editCriteria.success = action:criteria
topic.topic_editTopic.success = action:view
topic.topic_editTopic.failure = action:edit
topic.topic_edit_form.success = script:topic_editTopic
topic.topic_edit_form.failure = topic_edit_form
topic.folder_cut.success = action:subtopics
topic.folder_cut.failure = action:subtopics
topic.folder_rename.success = action:subtopics
topic.folder_rename.failure = action:subtopics
topic.folder_delete.success = action:subtopics
topic.folder_delete.failure = action:subtopics
topic.folder_copy.success = action:subtopics
topic.folder_copy.failure = action:subtopics
topic.folder_paste.success = action:subtopics
topic.folder_paste.failure = action:subtopics
default.metadata_edit.success = action:view
default.metadata_edit.failure = action:metadata
default.metadata_edit_form.success = script:metadata_edit
default.metadata_edit_form.failure = metadata_edit_form
default.content_status_modify.success = action:view
default.content_status_modify.failure = action:publishing
default.content_status_history.success = script:content_status_modify
default.content_status_history.failure = content_status_history
# Old style actions (will be changed soon)
default.folder_copy.success = "folder_contents"
default.folder_copy.failure = "folder_contents"
default.folder_paste.success = "folder_contents"
default.folder_paste.failure = "folder_contents"
default.folder_cut.success = "folder_contents"
default.folder_cut.failure = "folder_contents"
default.folder_delete.success = "folder_contents"
default.folder_delete.failure = "folder_contents"
default.folder_rename.success = "folder_contents"
default.folder_rename.failure = "folder_contents"
